You cannot change what you are, only what you do. - Philip Pullman
Hope is the most exciting thing there is in life. - Mandy Moore
Say something positive, and you’ll see something positive. - Jim Thompson
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
The power of imagination makes us infinite. - John Muir
Anything is possible with sunshine and a little pink. - Lilly Pulitzer
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. - Maya Angelou
I dwell in possibility. - Emily Dickinson
It is a happiness to wonder; it is a happiness to dream. - Edgar Allan Poe
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. - Omar Khayyam
You do not find the happy life. You make it. - Thomas S. Monson
A thing of beauty is a joy forever. - John Keats
The next choice is the most important choice. - George Wells
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. - Alexander Graham Bell
The most wasted of days is one without laughter. - E. E. Cummings
Do good and good will come to you. - Adam Lowy
Make your life matter and have fun doing it. - Aaron Hurst
An unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
Happiness is not by chance but by choice. - Jim Rohn
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde
Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
As we work to create light for others, we naturally light our own way. - Mary Anne Radmacher
When the sun is shining, I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome. - Wilma Rudolph
The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely. - Louisa May Alcott
In three words, I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful. - Roy T. Bennett
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. - Epictetus
Be fanatically positive and militantly optimistic. If something is not to your liking, change your liking. - Rick Steves
Confidence isn't optimism or pessimism, and it's not a character attribute. It's the expectation of a positive outcome. - Rosabeth Moss Kanter
Only when we're drowning do we understand how fierce our feet can kick. - Amanda Gorman
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one. - Confucius
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime? - Fyodor Dostoevsky
The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step. - Brandon Sanderson
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me. - Steve Maraboli
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle
Optimism is a huge asset. We can always use more of it. But optimism isn’t a belief that things will automatically get better; it’s a conviction that we can make things better. - Melinda French Gates
All your dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not. - Oscar Wilde
And now that you don’t have to be perfect, you can be good. - John Steinbeck
Keep your face to the sunshine, and you cannot see a shadow. - Helen Keller
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness. - Ralph Waldo Emerson